import_data_db ods_base_category_info_full
import_data_db ods_base_province_full
import_data_db ods_base_source_full
import_data_db ods_base_subject_info_full
import_data_db ods_cart_info_inc
import_data_db ods_chapter_info_full
import_data_db ods_comment_info_inc
import_data_db ods_course_info_full
import_data_db ods_favor_info_inc
import_data_db ods_knowledge_point_full
import_data_log ods_log_inc
import_data_db ods_order_detail_inc
import_data_db ods_order_info_inc
import_data_db ods_payment_info_inc
import_data_db ods_review_info_inc
import_data_db ods_test_exam_inc
import_data_db ods_test_exam_question_inc
import_data_db ods_test_paper_full
import_data_db ods_test_paper_question_full
import_data_db ods_test_point_question_full
import_data_db ods_test_question_info_full
import_data_db ods_test_question_option_full
import_data_db ods_user_chapter_process_inc
import_data_db ods_user_info_inc
import_data_db ods_video_info_full
import_data_db ods_vip_change_detail_inc